[Hwayugi]
Timing and subtitles brought to you by The Monkey Minions @ Viki
Die!
Stop it! Stop!
Don't! Stop, Son Oh Gong!
Don't!
♪ It was probably destiny ♪
♪ When love is never ending ♪
♪ Like the night when even the moonlight is hidden behind the clouds ♪
♪ My heart is turning black ♪
♪ I am boxing the longing in the pouring rain and letting it go ♪
♪ I am afraid you might forget me ♪
Son Oh Gong.
♪ If it were destiny I will accept it ♪
♪ If so-called love becomes a sin ♪
What's wrong? Are you hurt?
♪ I will be able to see you again ♪
♪ If you truly love ♪
♪ If we were truly destined ♪
Are you hurt because of me?
What?
What was that?
She definitely fell here!
She definitely died, but she's gone again!
What on earth, Hyungim?!
You're the only one in this world who can kill me.
Because if you tell me to die, I'll die.
The Great Sage has been injured.
I think I caused him to get hurt!
Ultimately,
you made him like that.
I'm sorry.
Don't say anything and stay still.
Are you okay?
I'm not someone who should be getting consoled by a mutilated zombie.
Just be quiet.
Let's just for a moment
stay put quietly.
Are you hurt?
I'm not hurt, I'm just surprised.
Stop chattering and stay still. After I calm down, I'll treat you too.
Don't! Stop, Son Oh Gong!
Don't! Don't! Don't!
Is the Great Sage going to die in the hands of Sam Jang?
It seems she will really kill me.
[Episode 12]
What happened to Son Oh Gong all of a sudden?
Since you ordered him to stop, and he went against it,
the pain in his heart seems to have intensified.
Even if there was an occasion where he was hurt because of me,
that was because he was hurt emotionally. I never caused him to be physically injured.
And isn't he really strong?
You said there's nothing that can hurt him!
I did say that, but now the Great Sage can be injured.
- You had made him that way.
- I did?
Because of the Geumganggo. To say it simply,
his love for you
made the stone-hearted monkey's heart go soft.
Then, because of the Geumganggo, he became weak?
He ended up having a fatal weakness. He could die from it. Of course,
what can kill him
is only the one he loves,
which is you.
I can possibly kill him?
It's all healed now. Son Oh Gong, thank you.
Drink it, it will also relax you.
This is really precious. I'm really letting you live in luxury.
Is this place Sureumdong?
Yeah, this is my home.
Where is Unnie?
She's probably also surprised somewhere.
What's the matter? Are you hurt?
Unnie is feeling sad.
I know very well how she feels because she and I are connected.
She is very sad.
Zombie, if you continue talking, the wound which I barely patched up will open up again. Be quiet.
I'm not just "Zombie" anymore. I found my name.
My name is Jeong Se Ra.
Isn't my name quite pretty?
It's not that pretty,
Miss Jeong Se Ra.
I also want to tell Jeo Pal Gye that I found out my name.
Indeed. Pal Gye is your hyung.
Yes, I have to hurry and see him.
You too should go out to see Unnie.
Zombie Jin Bu Ja was really annoying but Miss Jeong Se Ra is also quite bothersome.
Let's go out together, Son Oh Gong.
All right. Let's go, Miss Jeong Se Ra.
What now?
Later, please burn me here at Sureumdong.
I'd like it to be here.
Will you do that?
I'll give you a luxurious send-off.
Thank you.
Where on earth is Bu Ja? I can't get in touch with her either.
According to my oppa, she left after saying goodbye like a person going on a very long trip.
For some reason, I'm feeling uneasy. You don't think anything will happen, right?
It was kind of weird when she said goodbye.
Oh. I should have just tagged along.
Zombie is already dead so even if she wants to, she can't die.
Unless you burn her with strong energy.
She said she was going somewhere with the Great Sage.
By chance, he isn't burning Bu Ja, is he?
Is he that worried about Zombie?
How did the pig get so into the zombie?
Are you jealous now, Prince?
How did an octopus get attracted to a pig?
Jeo Pal Gye. I am most grateful to you.
It was nice of you to say you were my younger brother.
- Bu Ja!
- Jeo Pal Gye-nim.
What a relief. You scared me.
I'm fine.
I couldn't contact you. I really thought something happened
so I was about to crash into 5050.
Jeo Pal Gye-nim, I found my name.
Really?
Jeong Se Ra called her mother's cell phone.
After those two tried to handle it by themselves, it seems they ran away.
That, that's not it. The dead girl is dead again. This time too, she disappeared.
- Y-y-yes.
- He keeps saying weird things like that.
You say she called her mother's cell phone?
Then call her on the cell phone.
If she isn't dead this time, she'll show up alive again.
- Excuse me but...- Hyungnim isn't in at the moment.
I think he might be in Sureomdong..
Do you think you can take me over there?
If you want to go meet with him then you can contact Samjang, can't you?
I won't be able to do that since I'm afraid that he might get hurt.
Nobody is able to go into the place in Sureomdong unless he calls for it.
I'm so sorry.
Suremdong.
I know the way over there but I don't know the way to get in.
Please let me in. Let's have a chit chat.
What should I do?
Hey.
Does it hurt?
I was super hurt earlier because of you.
We are even now.
You know, you always told me not to come up with any schemes
but you have a tendency to start stuff.
Being hurt seems to have a purpose.
It's a warm tea so go ahead and drink some. You like warm things, don't you?
Hey, are you hungry?
-Do you want me to get you something to eat?
- Nah, I'm fine.
Hey, would you like me to get you some fruit then?
Why are you constantly saying, "Hey" instead of saying honey?
When you say, "Hey", who are you referring to?
I'm not saying your name because I don't want you to be hurt by it.
You were feeling hurt when I called you by your name earlier.
So, you're not gonna call me by my name ever again?
Oh so, you want to break our contract then?
So are you gonna help me take off my golden bracelet then?
- Do you want me to take it off for you?
- Seriously?
I can't do this.
I still need you and I would have to constantly call on you.
You said that you came to really like me
but I guess you don't like me that much since you don't want to help me take off this bracelet.
- You know, I...- Jin Seon Mi, you did well. You did the right thing.
You remain still, even if I try to shake you up without any backing whatsoever like I just did.
I'm warning you.
I to you
♪ Even though it's painful, I'm not going to hurt ♪
It's because I love you.
♪ I'm gonna bite my tongue and try hard not to cry. ♪
♪ Don't worry. ♪
Hey, don't you think you're being too much here?
- Why? What's wrong?
- Try some.
So salty.
I'm sorry, I was so out of it earlier so I think I put salt instead of sugar.
I will make you another one.
♪ Please just go the path that you were going. ♪
♪ I'm okay with the way you look from the back ♪because I'm used to it.
♪ Even if I know that our farewell has been decided. ♪
Do you think Son Oh Gong would let her know that it's the Death Bell instead of the Love Bell?
If Sam Jang mistook it as the Love Bell
and keeps on falling in love with Son Oh Gong. it will be more advantageous for him.
He's never going to tell her, ever.
Don't you think he won't be able to say anything since he doesn't want her to be heartbroken for expecting it to be the Love Bell?
Son Oh Gong is a mean little bastard, you know.
He would never lose when it comes to love.
Ma Wang, it looks like you're cheering for Son Oh Gong not to die since he's such a mean little bastard.
Why are you making me into his ally huh?
I freaking hate that punk.
I really hate him.
Yes, Ma Wang.
Using her sense of duty, Son Oh Gong
will bewitch Sam Jang more and more.
It's because he's a punk, that's why.
He told me to throw him out in the ocean because he hates him so much.
Hyungnim, this is a bit creepy.
My name is Jeong Se Ra.
Jeong Se Ra? Wow, you have such a pretty name.
Man, I gave you such a tacky name asJin Bu Ja.
And now this piggy feels so embarrassed for that.
Jin Bu Ja was also great. Bu Ja is so blessed.
It's the best indeed.
Jeo Pal Gye, you can continue to remember me and think of me as Bu Ja as long as you want.
I will continue to be your younger brother, Jin Bu Ja.
Sure, I will continue to be your Jin Bu Ja, just for you.
- What's wrong?
- I think it's because I put my arm back together after my it fell off earlier today.
I'm alright now
I put aside some life preservatives for you earlier today, let me go bring you some.
You wait for me, okay?
Mom.
Hello.
Are you Jeong Se Ra? I knew you were alive!
Who are you?
I'm the one that's taking care of your mother right now.
I would like to meet you quietly, can you come over?
Bu Ja, I brought you this...
Where did everyone go? Bu Ja. Bu Ja.
♪ Hello Bull, your owner has come back.
♪ Shilalala
You guys are all hiding so you can surprise me, right?
Hurry up and come out, all of you.
Are they not home?
I almost died and now I finally got discharged from the hospital.
Nobody is here.
Sa Oh Jeong obviously knows that I like porridge.
But he will never make it for me ever.
And I was so sick too.
What's all this crap?
This kid knows nothing about cleaning for goodness sake.
What if this gets in the way of work?
Bu Ja isn't here so there is no way Pal Gye will be there either.
I guess the Jade Dragon won't be coming either.
Let's see here.
Darn it.
Ma Wang, you're home.
Why are you here so late?
Did you clean up the place?
Yeah, I haven't been here in awhile and now the house is such a mess.
I've been hospitalized and now I'm finally home
and I see this house in such a mess, you should've cleaned it up a little.
Oh Jeong has been so busy with the shareholders meeting so there was no chance to keep up the house.
Is this Oh Jeong's house or something?
You don't even know how to differentiate regular trash from food and drink trash huh?
I put the house under too
but you still don't even want to contribute in anyway whatsoever, don't ya?
Ma Wang., congratulations for being discharged.
What's all this?
This is porridge, which is your favorite.
I don't know how to make it so I bought it. And here's your congratulatory wine.
Oh, you bought some porridge for me, eh?
You bought mushroom porridge which I really like.
Yup, I heard that this porridge place makes delicious porridge.
Eat this while I go out to take out the trash.
And have some wine while you're at it too.
You didn't put anything strange in here right?
Right? Seriously for goodness sake.
It looks like you added some mushrooms in here after all.
- You should come and sit down here, too. Let's eat together.
- Me, too?
I mean, you almost died too after all.
Ma Wang, are you being thoughtful of me?
Come on, I'm worried you put something weird in here so I'm sharing it with you.
I didn't put anything in it. Nothing!
You're so full of fears.
Looks good.
Did you tell Sam Jang about the Death Bell?
Why? Are you worried because you think I might die? Scared of being left alone?
Forget it. Just stuff yourself with the porridge.
Ah, I heard from Sam Jang that you caught an evil spirit attached to a tree today.
That's right. She took care of it all with Secretary Ma.
That really was an evil spirit, right?
You didn't accidentally mess with something else?
Hey, because I have to clean up the shit I made by releasing you I'm suffering like this right now.
Do you think I'd make shit again? Am I some kind of shit-maker?
Right? Surely, you wouldn't have made shit again.
Exactly.
Nothing's going to happen.
I didn't think you'd actually come, but I see you're here.
I guess you're fearless since you don't die.
Were you the person that killed me?
I'm sorry. That was an accident.
My death was an accident?
How are you still alive though?
That's really intriguing.
Where is my mother?
I asked a question but you're answering with another question.
I hate that.
Help me meet with my mother.
And it looks like you have no intention of answering me either.
But even so, I'll be nice and answer you.
She's over there.
Over there?
Open this up!
Please open it!
Throw her into the sea together with the coffin.
- Then she won't be able to come back again.
- Open this up!
Please open this!
Please open it!
Open this up!
What the heck?
What's going on?
What the heck is this?
Now what's happening?
Go in and check it out.
What are you?
You all are going to have to become a sacrificial offering for me.
Now what's this?
[Lucifer Entertainment]
It looks like you woke up a real headache-inducer yesterday.
So you're saying the thing that was sealed under that tree
was an Ah Sa Nyeo that had been resting there for over 1,000 years?
Ah Sa Nyeo? What's that?
A shaman that served a king. She was sealed after dying.
If it's an evil spirit that's been around over 1,000 years, I imagine it will be worth quite a lot of points.
- Oh. Ma Wang, how many points do you still need? You're keeping track, right?
- Of course I am.
You have to do it right. You're always trying to con me.
Ah Sa Nyeo is not something you can take lightly.
Unlike an evil spirit, if she hides in a human you won't be able to tell the difference.
She can use a human by controlling their mind.
It's a shaman that has the ability to even wake a dragon and create a king.
If something were to go wrong, it's possible she could turn the whole world upside down.
So Ma Wang woke up a huge problem.
Hey, why is that my fault? Sam Jang was the one that did it.
Why are you pushing that onto Sam Jang?
You set that evil spirit free just like how you set me free. Ma Wang should lose points then.
Hey, why should my points be taken away! Have you no idea what I went through to get them!
This isn't the time to be pointing fingers at each other.
At any rate, Ma Wang started this business
so find the Ah Sa Nyeo, Ma Wang.
Because of the side effects of the medicine that was suppressing my strength,
I still need to recuperate.
It hasn't been long since I came back to life.
I think that will be difficult. Please give me a break.
Then, Great Sage, you should go find and take care of it.
Why's this acting up again? Ow...
I'm dying!!
Don't you know that my heart has gone all soft.
Ever since then, I get heart attacks often.
Ohh, my heart...
I have to take medicine to endure it.
Just watch me. Watch.
Hey, these are breath mints.
Oh? You're not coughing. You must be fine.
You two!
Enough with trying to get out of it.
I'll have to discuss with the rest of the heavenly realm how to handle Ah Sa Nyeo.
Ugh, really now...
Why did you have to go and wake that thing up! I clearly asked you about it!
And you went and said it was nothing! How could a bull be so careless.
Ugh, seriously!
Hey, stop that!
You stupid bull!
Don't! Don't do that!
- Stop it!
- This stupid bull. Sheesh.
Hey, it was thanks to my carelessness that you were set free from the Five Elements Mountain, wasn't it?
You ungrateful thug.
Anyway, don't call Sam Jang for something so dangerous and clean up your own shit.
You're the first shit that I made.
I see Shit Number 1 has the gall to criticize Shit Number 2. Really...
At any rate, avoiding shit is the best thing to do. I'm going to stay away from it.
It woke up from Sam Jang's blood.
Ah Sa Nyeo is going to go after Sam Jang
and, in the end, that shit
is going to be yours to clean up! You monkey banana.
Stop spitting! Are you out of your mind!
Oh? This tree is...
[Korea Foundation in Icheon City, Large-scale Culture and Art Space is Being Built]
It came out in the press.
CEO, you plan on buying land in Icheon? Good choice!
Is the land price for this going up?
Of course. That entire area is owned by the Korea Foundation.
That professor, Kang Dae Seong. His family is the Korea Foundation.
He's from the most prestigious family, smart, and handsome.
My wife likes him even more than idols.
If he becomes president, it will be awesome for the city of Icheon.
So he's a really impressive person.
By the way, are the roads icy or something? Why's the Jajjangmyeon taking so long?
Huh? Why's that girl looking up here? Does she want to rent a room?
Ugh, I'm so hungry...
That girl is in there. Shall I say hi?
[Viki Ver] E12 A Korean Odyssey (Hwayugi)
-= Ruo Xi =-
Who sent them?
Did Jonathan send them?
As I expect he is a romantic.
My friend, my Jonathan.
CEO, I will get you a vase. Please leave them on the desk.
When was it stolen?
Tasty.
Hey? Did your hyung take it?
I see she likes flowers.
Does he know it?
During Su Bo Ri's journey to the celestial realm, you will become the Taoist monk's substitute.
If I understand the substitute's job well, I can do the work.
I'm sure I will earn more points.
The work you'll do today ...you're going to bring down divine retribution upon a human.
Police Report
He's done evil things.
When it is informed, they say that heaven is not indifferent. There is nothing like divine retribution.
But now a days, punishment is so rare.
When I become a god, I'm just going to let the chips fall where they may.
Oh! The one who is doomed has arrived there.
Really.
That wretched dude.
Excuse me.
Could you hand me your cellphone for a second?
What the heck?
What the hell are you doing?
You bastard Jo Sae Pal, scammed 23,600 people
out of 1.35 trillion won, didn't you?
Ninety-nine people committed suicide because of you and 2,600 orphans were created.
7,856 households were broken.
You murderous bastard were happy and overjoyed that you escaped human punishment.
So today you will receive the wrath which heaven brings down.
After falling down here today, you won't die.
even though all of your limbs are broken you won't die and
after surviving for 9 days you'll be rescued.
Even if you breathe, you will suffer agony in all of your joints.
And live like that for the rest of your life.
Now you must fall.
I-I-I was wrong.
P-p-please spare me.
Because to spare some one like you,
there would be talk that heaven is indifferent.
Here! Go!
Sp-sp-spare me
Bastard.
Ma Wang, carrying out retribution work is very gratifying.
It wouldn't do for the sort of human to keep popping up.
In any case, when I become a deity
I can become officially involved in human affairs.
That woman
where in the world now has she been born?
That woman... where in the world now has she been born?
Na Chal
You can't, Ma Hwang.
You know you must never become involved.
Even if the Devil is involved, it doesn't prevent a tragic death
and there will be an even worse misfortune in the next life.
You're back, President.
I just got back. You worked hard Eun Ji.
Yes. Work hard.
Who are you?
- Ah. It's Bu Ja.
- Ma Wang.
Why have you come here?
I have been eating the energy beads.
I heard that you fell from a high location.
Take the beads and leave.
Thank you, Ma Wang.
Have you found the beautiful Sinsan?
I've told you everything about her.
Actually, today
I might have seen her.
In this life too she was beaten down and crying.
You said you couldn't interfere with her fate becoming a human.
That's right.
Can I help you?
I am not existing as a human, a goblin or a ghost.
If I interfere in such a status, might heaven not be aware?
How did you come up with that idea?
I told you I was hoping I could do something for you.
However, deceiving the heavens is not easy.
I've beyond my time.
Then, please relax for now.
Ma Wang gave me the energy beads.
Bu Ja?
You're emitting an unfamiliar scent.
I've changed the scent which masks the rotting smell.
It's the scent of roses. It's not bad.
Bu Ja! Where did you go?
Are you going to keep making me worried by going off the radar and disappearing like this?
Pig, we're on our way to our couple photo shoot right now.
If you keep acting like this there won't be a break-up article!
Why, you!
I'll be going straight home once my schedule is finished so stay right at home. Got it?
This Bu Ja girl was quite loved.
But even so, rather than this zombie,
it would be better to steal Sam Jang's body.
It's Son Oh Gong.
Hey, zombie!
- Son Oh Gong
- Are you on your way back from seeing Ma Wang?
Yes. He gave me energy beads.
He did?
What's wrong?
I feel like I fixed up a girl that was ripped to shreds way too well.
You probably don't need energy beads. I'm the that needs a pick-me-up. Me. Give them here.
If I've graced you with that much luxury then you should at least pay up this much, right? I'm going.
Hey!
I picked it up off the road on my way here.
You like flowers, don't you? You said you wanted to disappear while you're pretty like a flower.
Yes, I did.
I'll be sure to burn you while you're pretty (also means good).
Jin Bu Ja.
You're not Jin Bu Ja now, right?
It's Jeong Se Ra. Jeong Se Ra. Geez.
- Yes.
- I'll burn you next time for sure.
Great Sage, equal to heaven, Son Oh Gong.
If I possess Sam Jang, will he become mine?
Ma Wang! Ma Wang!
Ah, what's with him now?
Did you see it? You did, didn't you! They said you met.
- What?
- You didn't know? That thing just now!
Who?
That shaman hiding behind Bu Ja's face and body!
That wasn't Bu Ja?
Wow, there's really no helping you when you're energy is low, Ma Wang. That wasn't Bu Ja.
Instead of Bu Ja,
- that was a shaman?
- Yes. Ah Sa Nyeo.
Ah Sa Nyeo?
Why did it come here?
What does it want to get by pretending it's Bu Ja?
Ugh, this is...
I must not have realized because I was tired.
And so? What did you do with the Ah Sa Nyeo? Did you take care of her?
- I just let her go of course.
- What?
You already recognized her so what did you let her go for?
Why do I have to do that by myself? A guy with pitch-black eyes doesn't seem ordinarily strong. We should do it together!
Come on now, I don't have any strength right now because I'm low on energy. Take care of it yourself. Geez.
Is this how you're going to be? I'm going to have to grab my heart again. I'm taking out the meds. I'm taking them out.
Okay, okay!
Instead of shirking it off on each other, let's just split the work between us.
I'll capture her so you figure out a way to seal her again.
Since she came out from under the divine tree, checking things out there should be enough.
Okay.
But, Ma Wang
why do you think she looked for you first?
You didn't make some kind of hush-hush deal with her, did you?
She just took the energy beads and left.
Don't stab me in the back. I mean it.
I'm not going to! Do you think I'm some kind of thug like you!
You think everyone's just like you. Sheesh.
Ah Sa Nyeo's proposal
was extremely tempting.
Shall I help her
for you, Ma Wang?
I ignored it when I thought it was just Bu Ja saying that.
But it's a different story if a shaman with immense power is offering to help me.
Then you should ruthlessly backstab Son Oh Gong of course.
Once Son Oh Gong lures her, you should entice her onto your side.
Yeah. We don't know what will happen
so get another contract ready.
You're going back to America?
Yes. I'm going back tomorrow.
When my movie comes out next year I'll invite you to the film festival for it.
Thank you.
Ah! Also, thank you for sending the roses.
Even though a rotten fairy took them all away right afterwards.
Roses?
Weren't you the one that sent the roses?
I had prepared a different gift for you.
That necklace's name is "Happy Ending." Just as in my movie's ending,
the brave little girl gets a happy ending
and so I hope for a happy ending for you and your fairy, Seon Mi.
Happy ending? So it's pretty much the same as the match-made in heaven.
Oh? Where did it go?
Did it disappear after ringing once?
I didn't even get to show it to Son Oh Gong.
The bell sound that Sam Jang heard was the sound of the Death Bell.
Although she thinks it was the sound of a Love Bell.
Don't tell her. Just let her think that.
Right. Leaving it be like that will let her be happy.
The matter of death and killing is too sad.
Knowing in advance will just make it sad for longer.
Did Bu Ja come here today?
Yes. Just a bit ago. She took a stick of lipstick.
She like the rose-colored lipstick so I gave it to her.
Wow, such a sly fox.
Sly fox? Me?
No. Say, Summer Fairy,
do you by chance know anything about shamans?
You're under the impression that I know a lot about shamans because I'm a Taoist fairy, but I don't.
When it comes to shamans,
- isn't there a person that you know well that's similar to one?
- Who?
Sam Jang. Sam Jang is also a kind of shaman.
She's a human but she's able to do things connected to the spiritual world.
You don't say.
So is that why that shaman is hanging around Sam Jang.
Wanting to eat meat wasn't such a big deal for you, I see.
Bu Ja, didn't you not like meat?
After getting severely injured, I wanted to eat meat.
I heard hyungnim took you to Sureumdong and fixed you up?
Yes.
Bu Ja, weren't you originally right-handed?
Sa Oh Jeong,
wasn't I left-handed?
Oh. Yes, that's right. You were left-handed.
Help yourself to lots of meat.
Thank you.
Sa Oh Jeong, could you make some of Unnie's favorite food?
I want to go see her.
What do you want to do about that coffin?
Throw it out. Toss it into the ocean with the trailer as orginally planned.
A rose.
It still has a scent.
Is it not dead?
I was told a stone coffin came out from under the tree.
That's right. The tree's roots were wrapped around the coffin like a cocoon.
Then where is that stone coffin now?
It was moved to a warehouse so it wouldn't be talked about.
There's still a scent of roses.
It must be true that it was moved after being in here.
It looks like they already threw it out.
Or it's possible it was taken somewhere else.
What use would a human have for Ah Sa Nyeo's stone coffin?
You mentioned Korean Foundation's Kang Dae Seong, right?
Did he learn that Ah Sa Nyeo is a shaman that can create a king
and so he took away the stone coffin?
I think that woman will come look for this again.
I came to see you, Unnie.
Bu Ja, you got a lot better.
Yes. I brought food that Sa Oh Jeong made.
Thank you.
These are roses.
They're pretty.
Let's go in and eat together.
Oh, come inside.
You have a lotus flower smell.
Yes, my blood is like that.
You also have my blood in you.
Yes. The one who woke me up was Sam Jang.
Son Oh Gong isn't here?
Yes. These days, we're in an awkward situation.
Honestly, on the day you were hurt, he was hurt a little too.
I know. He was hurt because of you, right?
Because you called for him.
Then you shouldn't keep calling for him.
That would cause him so much harm.
I know.
If you don't call Son Oh Gong,
you won't be able to do anything, right?
To be protected by the Great Sage,
don't you think you should have a special ability?
What ability?
- Son Oh Gong.
- Are you two coming together secretly to eat good food?
How much luxury have I provided to you all of this time? All the food you are eating here was brought by Oh Jeong.
You should have called me first.
Then, you two go ahead and eat.
Where are you going? Come over here.
Come over here.
Sit over here.
Why are you throwing away perfectly fine flowers?
You threw away all the flowers too which came to my real estate office as gifts, didn't you?
- Yes.
- Why?
You're already so pretty like this. Why would I need to look at flowers?
I don't need flowers.
And those flowers are dangerous.
What?
I told you not to get hurt, didn't I?
I got a scratch without realizing it.
Don't get hurt.
Even though I'll still think you're pretty with the scar, it upsets me.
Looks like I don't have to wait anymore.
What?
There's something. A bad bull bastard.
If we want to find the sarcophagus that Kang Dae Seong has,
I think you are going to have to the risk of exposing your existence.
Why go through that risk?
I plan to find the stone coffin later.
Son Oh Gong is probably waiting for you.
After holding onto Ah Sa Nyeo, knowing his personality, he'll probably get into a fight with her.
It'll be dangerous to fight it out in Sam Jang's house,
so he'll drag her to Sureumdong.
When the two of them are done fighting it out,
we'll know what it is that Ah Sa Nyeo wants.
As expected, Ma Wang, you're great.
But... what exactly does the Priestess want?
- Come with me.
- To where?
- Sureumdong.
- Your house?
Yes.
I told you I would burn you.
Ah, that's not necessary anymore.
No. I think I must burn you.
Let's go quietly.
Go ahead and eat. I'll go to Sureumdong to get a nice bottle of alcohol.
Alcohol? I have alcohol at home.
No, I'll get you a really priceless bottle that you'll like.
You have to take Bu Ja with you?
Yes. Bu Ja came with me to Sureumdong last time too.
Right?
Yes.
- We'll be back.
- Okay.
[Difficult college entrance exams.
"We will be your guide."]
The food is cold now. Why aren't they back?
Should I call him?
Oh, why are you here, Ma Wang?
- I came to stop you from doing it.
- What?
Sam Jang, don't call Son Oh Gong tonight.
Son Oh Gong has to take care of something important there.
Did we come here to fight?
Are you crazy?
There are so many expensive bottles of alcohol here. Why would we fight here?
- You're Ah Sa Nyeo?
- Yes, Great Sage Son Oh Gong.
You've been asleep for 1,000 years so there must be many things you want to do now that you're awake.
I don't want to stop you.
Ma Wang is going to interrupt you while you do what you want.
He also went to find your stone coffin.
Don't tell him that I told you and go to Ma Wang.
You really won't stop me from what I want to do?
What do you want to do?
I have to do what I can do.
What can you do?
I want to become Sam Jang.
I want to have you.
Son Oh Gong, you will protect me from now on.
Why am I so popular these days?
That sounds like something I can't do.
I can manipulate souls.
What I want is you.
From now on, you'll stay by my side forever, unchanged.
You will protect me.
♪ The more I try to push you out, the more I think of you ♪
♪ Even if I close my eyes, I see you clearly ♪
♪ Let me out ♪
♪ Why don't you let me go ♪
♪ You wanna hold me down ♪
♪ Go away, go away ♪
♪ I want to get away from you ♪
♪ I am getting closer as though I were drawn ♪
♪ Even while I know it ♪
[Hwayugi]
♪ Today too, I want you to let me out ♪
♪ Leave me alone for just a while ♪
♪ Give to me a little time ♪
♪ Like a shadow in front of me ♪
♪ I can't break away from you, I still long for your breath ♪
♪ Let me out ♪